LabCraft

These are completely tentative ideas, in no way promised features, and will serve as a rough outline at best.

Early game
----------

Tools
	Bunsen Burner - Used for heating fluids/gases - can use (char)coal slowly for heat source, or alternatively light with flint and steel.
	Pipette - Pick up very small amount of chemical, used for moving chemicals from bottles (storage) to flasks (crafting/mixing)
	Mortar and Pestle - Crush materials into powder - only necessary if powders are added
	Safety Goggles - Needed to avoid negative potion effects when working with some chemicals

Glassware (http://www.compoundchem.com/2015/03/17/glassware/)
	Reagent Bottle - Primary chemical storage, placeable in world.  Colored by chemical inside.  (eg. http://www.novatech-usa.com/core/media/media.nl?id=32136&h=cc8d64efc4cee629e8f9)
	Vials - Portable solution, consumed for potion effects or thrown for in-world interactions (eg. burning through dirt/stone)
	Flasks - Placeable in world, used for crafting
		Volumetric Flask - Used for precise dilution and preparation (mixing chemicals) - pear shaped, long top
		Round Bottom Flask - Used for boiling and distilling liquids, requires burner - large rounded bottom, short top
		"Precipitation Flask" - Final result, drop in solid item with chemical to get resulting item

Blocks
	Lab Counter - Decoration block, clean laboratory aesthetic
	Lab Cupboard - Extends chest, clean laboratory aesthetic

The early-game allows the creation of vials (potions).  Primary ingredients are stored in placable reagent bottles
(akin to Thaumcraft "jars"), and using pipettes allows the mixing of chemicals in different flasks.  The end results
are stored in vials for use.

Mid game
--------

Machines
	Centrifuge - Separate substances, necessary for mid-game chemical creation
	Fume Hood - Protect against toxic gases
	Microwave - Heat substances, uses low RF power

The centrifuge and fume hood enable the creation of more advanced chemicals, which can create more advanced
chemicals and vials.  Their primary purpose is to content-gate mid and late game content, and should be
considerably more expensive to build.  The microwave is a direct upgrade to the bunsen burner, and allows
further automation.

Late Game
---------

Tools
	Full protective suit - needed to avoid airborne viruses
	Tweezers - Used to pluck cells from mobs/plants/players

Machines - uses high RF power
	Extractor - Extract raw DNA from cells - uses Lysis Buffer to separate, Sodium Chloride to cause cells to clump, and Isopropyl Alcohol or Ethanol to clump DNA together
		Suggest centrifuge as part of extractor recipe, as it's used to both separate DNA from cell clumps, and later DNA from exposed solution
	Sequencer - Used to read genetic code from DNA (make DNA "usable").  This step could be used to customize the virus via GUI.
	Splicer - Used to splice DNA onto engineered virus (how to make virus in first place?)

Each machine must be placed in a special safe room, with various chemicals being needed to construct the virus.
The end result can have varying effects, from killing players (designated by initial DNA) to protecting them.
Protective suit must be born else you'll expose yourself to the virus.

Chemicals/Acquisition
---------------------
Ethanol - Generally created from processed corn, other crops might suffice
Lysis Buffer - Various chemical mixtures
Sodium Chloride - Melting salt would probably do it
